docs(repl):snippets and scaffolders in repl (#986)
telerik/blazor-docs: getting-started/repl/snippets-and-scaffolders.md

---
title: Snippets and Scaffolders
page_title: Snippets and Scaffolders in Telerik REPL for Blazor
description: Explore how to use the available Snippets and Scaffolders in Telerik REPL for Blazor
slug: blazor-repl-snippets-scaffolders
tags: telerik,blazor,repl,snippets,scaffolders
published: True
position: 5
---

# Telerik REPL for Blazor Snippets and Scaffolders

Telerik REPL for Blazor supports the following features for increased developer productivity:

* [Snippets](#snippets) 
* [Scaffolders](#scaffolders)

## Snippets

Telerik REPL for Blazor provides a list of predefined code snippets for fast UI component reference and configuration.

> The basic snippets are listed in the `Snippets and Scaffolders` section of the REPL Sidebar. You can browse to find the desired snippet or search for it in the integrated Seacrhbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic snippets are listed in the `Snippets and Scaffolders` section of the REPL Sidebar. You can browse to find the desired snippet or search for it in the integrated search box.
```

A complete list of the snippets for a specific component will be displayed in a popup once you start typing the component name in the editor.

REPL for Blazor allows you to add the snippets in several ways:

### Add button

> Next to each snippet listed in the `Snippets and Scaffolders` menu, you will find a `+` button. Clicking it will automatically add the snippet in the REPL editor. The snippet will be inserted where the cursor is placed. You can then additionally configure the component as desired and add the code block for the `C#` part.

Reviewer: Prefer more straight-forward word order, in which the subject is in the beginning of the sentence.

"as desired" does not bring additional value, as it is implied anyway.

```suggestion
There is a `+` button next to each snippet in the `Snippets and Scaffolders` menu. Clicking it will automatically add the snippet at the current cursor position in the REPL editor. Then you can additionally configure the component and add the code block for the `C#` part.
```

### Drag the component

> You can drag the component name from the `Snippets and Scaffolders` menu to directly add its basic snippet into the REPL editor. The snippet will be inserted where the cursor is placed. You can then additionally configure the component as desired and add the code block for the `C#` part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can drag the component name from the `Snippets and Scaffolders` menu to directly add its basic snippet into the REPL editor. The snippet will be inserted where the cursor is placed. Then you can then additionally configure the component and add the code block for the `C#` part.
```
